what everybody knows today
we get a close wake signed to the about
so of gta 5 and this new dlc which
is going to happen the said max in fact it
this is of course the tlc robbery we go in
talk with new things in fact
while they were told and all and
that particularly rockstar down is
what they have about 10 so in what way
already there is this dlc there which is official
know it all
with also little things that we can
expect and because in fact rockstar
simply told us what
they were going to give us more
information before the 10th of March which is
in about a week and a half and
that we can ask ourselves a lot of
questions already what kind of information
they will actually give us more
exactly what it will be more at the level
vehicles at the level of outfits
level of weapons
unfortunately with all the lic all
the pictures you are given
before and all we have a lot
of things at the level of vehicles
we had a lot of things we could see
also a lot of screen things like
that and also at the level of the weapons
weapons we could not send too much so that
can be a good idea of ​​us
propose a little bit here is giving us
a little bit of new information
above but at the level of the outfits end
the more we will say more precisely at
level of accessories josé shown
a lot of accessories like for example
night vision
there was also that the drill well
sure to enter the bank do some
stuff like that there was not bad
accessories that you have presented
besides enough accessories
interesting you can also fly the kart
the simple kart actually goes from
the agent ie you will have this
famous card that you will fly a
so a security guard who will you
will finally unlock a
few doors that will be closed so he
will be really really full of
things finally that's information
which have been leaked so for now
we're not sure what's up
really be the case in this dlc there me
in any case we have noticed that in
some low league and it's been already
presented by rockstar there are some
days like these new bikes that have
been presented
sells a few weeks before actually
perfect mw2 who leaked these images there
so we're saying that he 's leaked
things that have been true we can say
as well as other information such
that some accessories and touba that's
also true that it looks like it looks
to be super interesting on me
I also had a good idea to you
to propose
it seems odd to me I think
maybe they 'll maybe add
new game mode in this dlc
robbery are going to be said to be here it's
will also add a little game mode that
a is a little rollier finally we can
at the steering a steward a little this side
as you talked a little bit about running
pursuit with the poor anyway
with thieves and a little with the
police ie you have this
possibility of finally choosing
your role be you policeman either
you be a thief simply so
have a few camps how can we
find now in video games
who starts who are doing well
know and everything and who finds this kind
of system and that pleases quite well to the
community so that's that stuff
that we ask ourselves the maintenance in this is
that eventually they will add
maybe game mode stuff like
that may appear in time
we remember to accuse March 10
that it will come out in this famous dlc there
is also a little thing that I do not know
at all if you
you saw it or not but in any case
of course as we have noticed
is that this brief dlc this robbery there this
mode there is going to be played at 4 here it will be
obliged to play four characters and
each character will have his own role
you already knew that
but if you know more particularly
while there will be someone who will
play a bit like being the sniper in
someone who is going to be a little behind
in retreat and he looks pretty much if
everything goes well we'll have a little
no one here that is going to be a little the
hacker and everything and will look a little
in computer systems that's going
unlock do things like that
and we'll have after the other two
people actually who finally in
German will have to embed themselves and well and
and then stole the money and do that kind of
things to take
this is an option finally it's
something that was said but
maybe there are several
possibilities either one can finally the
boss because in these four
People here need that there are many chief
who is leading these other three people
maybe he can decide
possibly for example to say to themselves
well finally I want everyone
goes to the sage does not want people who
are looking behind and
all doing juice worried that
it will depend on that I do not know at all but
in any case it's true that this game this
that I say about the ghana that is
behind the guy who has and more than
people coming in now
that's really the official thing to
take this papus here thanks to my
tower legends thank you put a little
I like the video it's great fun
especially did not get on my page of view
staff then I tell you the next
fall you are out